---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "filters-v1alpha1_control_plane_filter_list Data Source - filters-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# filters-v1alpha1_control_plane_filter_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) ControlPlaneFilter allows for specifying a list of Nodes or Node selectors where the filter should be applied and managing filter entries in order. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) ControlPlaneFilterStatus defines the observed state of ControlPlaneFilter (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `entries` (Attributes List) Specifies the list of filter entries, in order. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--entries))
- `node_selector` (List of String) Label selector used to select Toponodes on which to deploy the CPM filter.
- `nodes` (List of String) Reference to a list of TopoNodes on which to deploy the CPM filter.
- `statistics_per_entry` (Boolean) Enable or disable per-entry counters.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.entries`

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the FilterEntry.
- `ip_entry` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--entries--ip_entry))
- `mac_entry` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--entries--mac_entry))
- `type` (String) Type of the entry which can be IPV4, IPV6, MAC or Auto.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--entries--ip_entry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.entries.ip_entry`

Optional:

- `action` (String) An action to take, either 'Accept','Drop', or 'RateLimit'.
- `destination_port_name` (String) Destination port to match by name.
- `destination_port_number` (Number) Destination port to match by numerical value.
- `destination_port_operator` (String) Operator to use when matching destinationPort, either Equals, GreaterOrEquals, or LessOrEquals.
- `destination_port_range` (String) Range of destination ports to match, in the format n-m, e.g. 100-200,  The start and end of the range must be port numbers.
- `destination_prefix` (String) Destination prefix to match.
- `dscp` (List of Number) Match DSCP values.
- `first_fragment` (Boolean) Match the first fragment only.
- `fragment` (Boolean) Match any fragment.
- `icmp_code` (List of Number) Match a specific ICMP code, as a number between 0-255, e.g. 0.
- `icmp_type_name` (String) Match a specific ICMP type by name, e.g. dest-unreachable.
- `icmp_type_number` (Number) Match a specific ICMP type by number.
- `log` (Boolean) Log the matches for this entry.
- `protocol_name` (String) Match a specific IP protocol name (specified in the type field of the IP header).
- `protocol_number` (Number) Match a specific IP protocol number (specified in the type field of the IP header).
- `rate_limit` (Attributes) Rate limit to apply when the action is 'RateLimit'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--entries--ip_entry--rate_limit))
- `source_port_name` (String) Source port to match by name.
- `source_port_number` (Number) Source port to match by numerical value.
- `source_port_operator` (String) Operator to use when matching sourcePort, either Equals, GreaterOrEquals, or LessOrEquals.
- `source_port_range` (String) Range of source ports to match, in the format n-m, e.g. 100-200.  The start and end of the range must be port numbers.
- `source_prefix` (String) Source prefix to match.
- `tcp_flags` (String) Match TCP flags, usable with !, &, | and the flags RST, SYN, and ACK.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--entries--ip_entry--rate_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.entries.ip_entry.rate_limit`

Optional:

- `burst_size` (Number) The maximum burst size in bytes.
- `entry_specific_policer` (Boolean) Controls policer instantiation: false for shared instance, true for per-entry instances
- `peak_rate` (Number) The peak rate in kilobytes per second.
- `scope` (String) Determines how the policer is applied across subinterfaces. Global applies the policer across all subinterfaces, while Subinterface applies it individually to each subinterface.



<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--entries--mac_entry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.entries.mac_entry`

Optional:

- `action` (String) An action to take, either 'Accept','Drop', or 'RateLimit'.
- `destination_mac` (String) Match an Ethernet frame if its destination MAC address logically anded with the mask equals this MAC address.
- `destination_mac_mask` (String) Match an Ethernet frame if its destination MAC address logically anded with the mask equals the configured MAC address.
- `ethertype` (String) An Ethernet frame matches this condition if its ethertype value (after 802.1Q VLAN tags) matches the specified value.
- `log` (Boolean) Log the matches for this entry.
- `outer_vlan_id_operator` (String) Operator to use when matching OuterVlanIdValue, either Equals, GreaterOrEquals, or LessOrEquals.
- `outer_vlan_id_range` (String) Range of Outer vlan IDs to match, in the format n-m, e.g. 100-200
- `outer_vlan_id_value` (String) Ethernet frame matching criteria based on the outermost VLAN ID found before the subinterface-defining VLAN tag (if any) is removed. A value of 'none' will match only untagged frames.
- `rate_limit` (Attributes) Rate limit to apply when the action is 'RateLimit'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--entries--mac_entry--rate_limit))
- `source_mac` (String) Match an Ethernet frame if its source MAC address logically anded with the mask equals this MAC address.
- `source_mac_mask` (String) Match an Ethernet frame if its source MAC address logically anded with the mask equals the configured MAC address.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--entries--mac_entry--rate_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.entries.mac_entry.rate_limit`

Optional:

- `burst_size` (Number) The maximum burst size in bytes.
- `entry_specific_policer` (Boolean) Controls policer instantiation: false for shared instance, true for per-entry instances
- `peak_rate` (Number) The peak rate in kilobytes per second.
- `scope` (String) Determines how the policer is applied across subinterfaces. Global applies the policer across all subinterfaces, while Subinterface applies it individually to each subinterface.





<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
